MINOR: [Docs] add note about how comment bot assigns users (#36362)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/guide/step_by_step/finding_issues.rst

   When you find a GitHub issue you would like to work on, please mention
   your interest in the comment section of that issue; that way we will know
   you are working on it.

>    Consider `assigning yourself to the issue <../../bug_reports.html#issue-assignment>`_ when the work starts.

Reviewer: Can we use `:ref:...` markup here?

```suggestion
   Consider :ref:`assigning yourself to the issue <issue-assignment>`_ when the work starts.
```

Author: @kou The way you wrote it didn't work out, it doesn't seem to be valid rst markup? I followed the syntax [here](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/) and made the change.

Reviewer: Oh, sorry.
I thought that it works. But I'm not an expert of reST.

FYI:

https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#cross-linking-markup

> Alternatively, you can reference any label (not just section titles) if you provide the link text `` :ref:`link text <reference-label>` ``.

Author: Ahhhh, so the `_` was the problem.

Reviewer: Ah, I should have removed it!

   When you find a GitHub issue you would like to work on, please mention
   your interest in the comment section of that issue; that way we will know
   you are working on it.
   To assign yourself to the issue type 'take' (and nothing else) in a comment

>    on that issue.

Reviewer: We have a note for `take` at https://arrow.apache.org/docs/dev/developers/bug_reports.html#issue-assignment .
How about linking to the section instead of writing the same content here?

Author: Oh, that's where it is! Sure.

Author: (I pushed a change, but I managed to build docs locally, and it does not work as I expected. I need to understand how linking to a subdomain on a seperate page works. `:ref:` might work. I will move to "ready for review" when it is building correctly.
